Add Details and Delete section to the Policyfiles in Chef Infra Server (#5358)
chef/automate: components/docs-chef-io/content/automate/chef_infra_server.md

- Search for a specific policyfiles
- View all the policyfiles
- Details of policyfiles
- Delete policyfiles

#### Search for Policyfiles

> Use the search bar on the Policyfile tab (**Chef Infra Server > Policyfile**) to find a policy file from the list. Entering the name of the policy file in the search bar returns policyfiles matching your search criteria.

Reviewer: I see how we could make this pattern even shorter:
```suggestion
Use the search bar on the Policyfile tab (**Chef Infra Server > Policyfile**) to find a policy file from the list. Enter the name of a policy file in the search bar to view matching Policyfiles.
```
